h2. cobagi

config backups using git(hub)

h3. Introduction

Backup der Einstellungen (Konfigurationsdateien) eines Linuxsystems mit Hilfe von github.com


h3. Details

$ cd /
$ git init
$ git remote add origin git@github.com:${username}/${repository}.git
$ git pull origin master

"http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/git-add.html":url
The ??git add?? command will not add ignored files by default. If any ignored files were explicitly specified on the command line, ??git add?? will fail with a list of ignored files. Ignored files reached by directory recursion or filename globbing performed by Git (quote your globs before the shell) will be silently ignored. The add command can be used to add ignored files with the -f (force) option.

"http://www.kernel.org/pub/software/scm/git/docs/gitignore.html":url
$GIT_DIR/info/exclude
An optional prefix ! which negates the pattern; any matching file excluded by a previous pattern will become included again. If a negated pattern matches, this will override lower precedence patterns sources. 

h3. Initial Github setup

h4. Create repository

"https://github.com/repositories/new (Create repository)":url

h4. Next steps

  mkdir cobagi
  cd cobagi
  git init
  touch README
  git add README
  git commit -m 'first commit'
  git remote add origin git@github.com:Inte/cobagi.git
  git push origin master
     

h4. Existing Git Repo?

  cd existing_git_repo
  git remote add origin git@github.com:Inte/cobagi.git
  git push origin master

h4. Importing a SVN Repo?

"http://github.com/Inte/cobagi/imports/new (Click here)":url

h4. When you're done

"http://github.com/Inte/cobagi/tree/master (Continue)":url

h3. Initial local setup

Download and install "http://git-scm.com/download (Git)":url

h4. Configure login

$ git config --global user.email "your@example.com"
$ git config --global user.name "Inte"

h4. Disable global tracking

$ echo \/ >> /.git/info/exclude

??gitignore??
Tracken global deaktivieren (Passwörter, Keys, etc.) und nur einzeln freischalten.

/ > exclude
!pathtoconfigfile >> exclude

h3. FAQ

Ich habe mit ??git add?? eine falsche Datei hinzugefügt. Wie kann ich diese wieder entfernen?

Ich habe mit ??git commit?? eine falsche Datei dem Index hinzugefügt. Wie kann ich diese wieder entfernen?

